hello people of the earth and welcome
back the Greek safety you my name is
mike and it's been a terribly long time
since we talked i to i and i really
wanted to address you because because i
don't know dude lets me just let me just
refer to my thing my little script here
so yes I wanted to explain why I wasn't
making any videos for the past nine
months something there was no meaningful
content on my channel basically I
haven't done anything that was that I
liked okay and it's like my bar of
quality is connected with the stuff that
I like and foremost I last nine months
the last good video was like nine months
ago which is which is absolutely
terrible it's dreadful right for a
YouTube channel to have such consistency
there's no consistency because I'm
terribly rational person and there is my
stop making videos was the following I
didn't wanted to commit to getting
better at league of legends for the
region of getting better at league of
legends I haven't actually planned out
why I would want to do that I wanted to
get good at it because I wanted to be
good at it right and I got reasonably
good at it I each diamond five in the
last season right now I'm absolutely
atrocious at it I have to restore my
mechanical skill with the mouse etc etc
but with this time commitment that I
spend on league of legends in basic a
lot of my free time I spend on league of
legends I became a lot better in it and
understanding what's going on in the
game why things happening trying to
evaluate the situation such and such as
reading between the lines what is
happening and I think I could use this
experience in order to make new content
okay but not just that right it's um
after a certain point right once I
stopped making content it almost felt
like it was so difficult to just restart
doing the stuff because every time I
would just try to write a script for
something you know for a review or an
opinion based video or whatever right I
would just I would just write it right
now this motor dissatisfied with that
and then I would just I would look at it
and and for some reason all these
insecurities and in confidence in my
content would creep up in my head and I
just wouldn't be able to finish it up to
follow it through and I think it's
largely because i'm retarded right that
there's no justification i cannot say
like oh yeah because it was terrible i
think it was pretty good just for some
reason my brain and I don't get I to I
and I am my own worst enemy so basically
in short what I'm trying to say is i
would like to start making videos on my
channel because you have guys uh you
have been an absolutely incredible
audience and i love delivering videos
for you you've built an incredible
community around my channel and i
absolutely love your feedback both
critical and flattering right you are
amazing okay and you're um just your
continuous you know ways a guy who's
Michael are you alive dude Michael you
know but somebody not making videos and
you know I just want to continue working
on the channel because I stopped so
abruptly for no fucking reason right
there was no reason for me to stop and I
always wanted to do something like this
I always wanted to do something crazy
and earn money off of it right and ever
since I became partnered with YouTube I
was really excited about this
opportunity and I feel like I wasted a
huge amount of time doing nothing ok and
so basically I wanted to apologize for
not making any content because you guys
did like you subscribe that you're
waiting for stuff and nothing is coming
up and it's terrible and I would like to
fix that ok so right I'm going to commit
in this video I'm going to commit to
return to youtube and try to provide the
highest quality content ever made my
channel ok however a word of caution
okay a word of word of warning warning
basically my videos are gonna be
terrible I don't fucking remember how to
do anything one of my Hydra hard drives
was completely broken again so I lost
all my information connected with
channel stuff it means allowances from
different different game developers it
means stuff that i use the music stopped
the graphic stop etcetera etcetera
etcetera not only was incredibly
sophisticated by a loss that right i
will basically have to build it from
ground up and i will also have to
remember how is doing this stuff holy
shit okay so what I'm saying is please
just bear through with me I don't you
educate my stop you should because it's
going to be terrible but uh if you like
what I'm doing if you would like to see
the channel grow please give me
constructive to the criticism okay if
you hate me I don't care if you love me
I don't you like justjust I actually
really go but just leave me your
constructively this isn't so I can see
how can I improve further maybe certain
things you like maybe certain things you
don't like one I can focus on etc etc
and of course of the content that's
going to be coming out we'll have to
figure it out okay I have no I have
slight like idea of what I want to do I
want to do so many reviews named Liam
namely the banner saga incredible
fucking game the Elder Scrolls online is
coming out and there's have been a lot
of controversy surrounding it and I
would like to talk a little bit a mom
dad a lot of other games that I didn't
get to review because I stopped
producing content and I just couldn't
come back to it and I would really love
to start doing it again because I am
convinced that I would be able to
compete with other channels and I would
be able to provide quality content for
you guys and yeah pretty much and that
is pretty much it so I'm going to UM try
to restore what this channel was it's
going to take some time I expect it to
take like a month okay in order to get
to the point and I'm like all ok I kind
of like what I am but I want to improve
right and I wanted to ask you to bear
through with me if you watched all the
way through to the end of this video
please say in comments anything that
includes the word potato because it's
awesome that's where ever know that
you're you know you were committed to
watching this I think you so much for
your support for your continuous
feedback for your desire to listen more
stuff from me I will completely
understand if you unsubscribe because
you have no idea
what content i will produce you know and
it doesn't make any sense and it would
make absolute sense if you want
subscribe or dislike when you've got it
I don't hear about that you know because
we have to start somewhere and it's
probably gonna suck but it's fine we'll
figure it out guys guys it's gonna be
fine and yeah that's it I'll see you
guys soon have a great day and bye bye